'In the criminal justice system,
'sexually based offences
are considered especially heinous.
'In New York City, the detectives
who investigate these vicious felonies
'are members of an elite squad,
known as the Special Victims Unit.
'These are their stories.'
I got a great deal
on a George Foreman grill.
EBay, one click, presto!
Presto, what? Sloppy seconds
on a re-fried barbecue?
- No way, this is good stuff, original.
- Then it's hot.
Rise and shine, lovebirds.
Blaupunkt radio. Log on to eBay,
it's yours for a song.
No, they didn't take the radio,
they took his head off.
And they took his pants, too.
- Any spent rounds?
- A.44 in the gear-shift box.
- Only one?
- So far.
We did find fingerprints, though.
Oh. Packed inside the emergency brake.
He won't be using those any more.
'Four o'clock. Love 30.'
Is that a meat market?
Gym. Eastside.
More squash than treadmill.
- Neighbours think they heard the shots.
- What did you hear?
A high-pitched pop, hollow sounding.
- Loud?
- Yeah, it woke up the baby.
- But I didn't see anything.
- What time was that?
2:00, 2:30. I heard it because
I had the window open.
- In this weather?
- Our radiator's stuck on full.
- May I give my statement, please?
- By all means.
I'm sorry. It's just that the market
opened 20 minutes ago.
- Please.
- I heard more of a boom.
- A boom?
- Yes. Not a pop, a boom.
- Why didn't you call the police?
- Gunshots, car alarms, helicopters, sirens.
I'd be on the phone half my life.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The body was found this morning,
shot through the back of the head.
The victim was Dean Woodruff,
35 years old.
He sold fitness equipment
on Lower Broadway.
Divorced once.
Has an ex-wife, two kids upstate.
- Girlfriend?
- We're looking.
- His parents live near Saratoga.
- Any witnesses?
A few heard a shot, but no eyewitnesses.
- It was between 2:00 and 2:30.
- The victim in his own car?
His sales region covers upstate and Jersey.
One.44 slug
was recovered from the gearbox.
.44. The shooter
was either a wacko or insecure.
- Insecure?
- It's overkill and messy.
- An amateur?
- A pro shoots twice with a.22.
It's neat and you don't wake up babies.
The scene is a big grope spot.
Romantic.
Teenagers, honeymooners, co-workers.
So, where's his love interest?
- We're running down the prints.
- Maybe he was alone.
Maybe his pants came off
from the force of the shot.
He could have been having safe sex
with himself. Safe till he got shot.
They've just started to pick through
the hair and glass.
But I assume COD was a gunshot wound
to the back of the head.
- Yeah, what's left of it.
- Is this bruises or lividity?
I'd say it's just pooling.
- Consistent with the 2:30 TOD?
- Mm-hm.
- Under the fingernails?
- Dirt.
You know his er... drawers were down.
There's semen but don't get too excited.
It could be part of the body's
natural death reflex.
It's never too late to fulfil
that New Year's resolution. Welcome.
I work out, just with different muscles.
Detectives Jeffries and Munch.
- You're here about Dean.
- Yes.
Dean was more faithful than my wife.
When he was in the city,
he came in early every day, 7:30.
Took short lunches, didn't leave till late.
Wow. Work macht frei.
What about on the road?
He checked in often,
more than made his quota.
- He was a good friend.
- Well-liked?
Once he made a deal with a gym,
people would only deal with him.
He had the largest
private client base of anyone.
- We'll need a copy of that list.
- Of course.
Excuse me. This is upsetting.
It's unreal.
You never think something like this
will happen to someone you know.
- The two of you were friends?
- It's a close-knit group.
But Dean was special.
- Special how?
- He was popular around the office.
- We'd all go out for drinks.
- Where would you go?
Mostly to Le Bar.
Let me guess,
he knocked the wrong person up
or skipped out on alimony.
- He had a way with women?
- Great technique.
He compliments them on their shoes?
He nurses a drink, looks sad.
She asks him what's wrong.
He says his heart is breaking,
will he ever love again?
It works every time.
So, what happened?
- So, last night, he died.
- Oh.
Oh, but he was just in here last night.
Do you know what time he left?
I ran his card at... 11:55pm.
God, he tipped 25 per cent.
He was the nicest guy.
He used his expense account for four
vodka gimlets, two cosmopolitans.
One Roadkill. Who'd he leave with?
The women that come here?
They're all thin and hungry
with cellphones attached.
It could have been anyone.
No, perfect. The only problem I had
with the guy was with his keys.
- Keys?
- He gave away his key too easy.
- I don't mean that he was easy.
- No, he was helping the homeless.
Pretty much every woman,
and there were a lot of women,
each left with her own key.
Then things would go bad between them
so he'd change the lock.
He paid for it but you're supposed
to go through management.
Here we go.
Hotel matches.
Seashells. Cocktail napkins?
- Souvenirs. How anal retentive.
- It's like he's expecting an audit.
So some woman could tell him
he didn't give enough?
- I'm sure he didn't have to wait.
- 'Our love is like the tide...'
And now the tide is out.
Hello?
- Hello!
- Give me that.
This is Detective Jeffries.
Mm-hm.
Excellent. Yeah. Thanks.
Moira Shannon had not one
but two gun permits.
- Either of them a.44?
- Yeah, and for a 9mm. No priors.
What a past.
Look at this. It's Moira.
- She looks so happy there.
- She ain't happy no more.
I haven't set foot into Le Bar in months.
- You said it was your regular hang.
- Was.
Not after he dumped me.
- You have two gun permits.
- Yes.
Look, I'm from upstate, it...
It was one of the things
he and I had in common.
My dad taught me to hunt.
I've always carried a gun.
But you do have a.44 and a 9mm?
The.44, that was just a phase.
It's a cannon, so impractical.
The Glock is more user-friendly.
What did you do with the cannon?
Sold it about a year after I got it.
- Do you have a receipt?
- At home.
I sold it to a gun shop in Duchess County.
Is this the woman who left
with Mr Woodruff last night?
- The vodka tonic, she's old news.
- OK, well, maybe one of these.
I've tried to be helpful but I don't need this.
- You're busy. We can come back.
- God, you people!
Her, then me.
The blonde, then me.
Some preppy little anorexic girl, then me.
It wasn't you that left with him,
by any chance?
She was over at their table for a while.
They all come from the same
Upper Eastside gene pool.
I'd never seen this one before.
Usually Dean had to work
his line of tragic BS
for a good ten minutes before he scored.
With this one,
he hardly had to open his mouth.
Anybody know this guy?
Don't you mean excuse me for interrupting?
Hey! Just...
- Do you know this guy, hotshot?
- Should I?
You want your collarbone in one piece, yes?
Let's start again.
We're two of New York's finest.
We'd like you to forget about
these kamikazes and pay attention.
Oh, yeah, massive pecs, washboard abs.
I called him the Willy Loman of dumbbells,
which he didn't appreciate,
or else didn't get.
Who did appreciate those quadriceps?
One of the Mulroneys.
Counting cousins and in-laws,
it's a huge clan.
Of the daughters,
Stephanie's the only one left.
She's something of a wild child.
Drunken rowdiness, college stuff,
a possession bust
got her community service.
Community service?
That's what Mulroneys do.
Now she's 33 and runs some
socially-conscious investment group.
Don't tell me. One cent
on every cigarette pack the family makes
goes into lung cancer research?
- Let's keep politics out of this.
- Good luck.
Public service hides a multitude of sins,
some venial, some mortal.
Right now she is
a reluctant witness, nothing more.
If she just picked him up,
she'd be reluctant.
The family has gone through
more than their share.
You left a note at her apartment when?
Er, three hours ago. We also left
a number of messages on her machine.
Captain, there's some big mouthpiece
waiting for you in your office.
- He wouldn't wait outside.
- Think Chappaquiddick, my friends.
- These people don't talk.
- His name's Rumsey.
Former Governor Mulroney's legal advisor.
That Rumsey?
Memory lane.
A lot of friends have served the city
honourably and well, Captain Cragen.
I'm Patrick Rumsey.
I assume you're here
to represent Miss Mulroney.
I'm here as a family friend.
Stephanie witnessed the attack.
- I'm offering to help.
- We want to interview Miss Mulroney.
I understand, Captain.
Meanwhile, I have a copy
of her statement here.
Her statement?
To give you the facts
while her memory is fresh.
Thank you for your help, Mr Rumsey,
but we'll take our own statement.
Of course, as soon as she's ready.
Munch says they make 18 cents
for every pack of cigarettes sold.
That's one of the rumours.
And when the eldest daughter died,
2,000 mourners lined Fifth Avenue.
- Munch says a lot so Cragen sent us.
- What's this?
It's a cigar cutter.
Look, Winston Churchill, 1929.
The real story is
Winnie lost it in a poker game.
Churchill never carried much cash.
And my father-in-law never extended credit.
Regina Mulroney.
- Detective Benson.
- Detective Stabler.
This is the worst sort of déjà vu.
Every time a policeman has come to
our house, a family member has died.
It's five years to the day
since my son went down
in the fog off the Dalmatian coast
with the ambassador.
- Your daughter was very lucky.
- Lucky? How?
That she survived the attack.
Oh, yes.
My unplanned miracle child.
- The light of my life.
- Is Stephanie here, Mrs Mulroney?
- She has her own apartment.
- Yes, we know. We've been there.
But children always go home
during a crisis, don't they?
Yes, but I'm afraid she's in seclusion.
- Where exactly? The Hamptons?
- No.
In a private hospital. She's under sedation.
Well, if you'd call her,
we won't overstay our welcome.
Look, I'm a little uneasy.
This is a private clinic.
Endowed by the Mulroneys. We get it.
We admitted her early yesterday morning.
- Where's her clothing?
- I beg your pardon?
The clothes she wore
the night of the homicide.
I believe she had changed
before she was admitted.
- Admitted for what?
- Trauma, Detective.
We treated the wounds and gave her
Seconal to calm her down.
- We'll be brief, Miss Mulroney.
- I'm fine.
And to the point.
Thank you.
Did you leave Le Bar
with Dean Woodruff?
Yes.
- And what time was that?
- I don't remember.
Is that where you met him?
I was having a rough day.
He said he'd been having a rough day, too.
OK, so you left the bar with him.
What happened in the car?
He was leaning against the window
in the driver's seat facing me.
He'd made a joke about
the disadvantages of bucket seats.
Explain the joke?
It's rather obvious, isn't it?
Stephanie told him, 'Not so fast',
or something. Isn't that right?
- Is that what you said?
- Something like that.
I leaned over to change the radio station.
What was playing?
I don't know. And then it happened.
Then what happened?
The shooting occurred.
What time was that?
Can't remember?
Can you describe the person
who did the shooting, Miss Mulroney?
A man came up fast. Before
I could say anything, he had a gun out.
- It was so loud!
- That's enough.
- Did you get a look at him?
- He had black-rimmed glasses,
dark hair and a roundish face.
- How tall was he?
- I don't know. It was dark.
But he was wearing glasses?
White man, medium height,
black-rimmed glasses.
- Anything else, Detective?
- Yes.
- Why didn't you call the police?
- It was so awful.
You have no idea how awful it was.
Thank you for coming.
- Her story check out?
- She says it was a sneak attack.
Consistent with the medical exam,
one shot from outside the car.
- Other than that, it's her word...
- Against ours.
Those were not wagon trains circled
around Stephanie. Those were tanks.
- Did she see the shooter?
- Good enough to do a composite.
- OK, did they have sex?
- Stephanie implied no.
- Does no mean yes?
- They are a family of politicians.
- As in liars.
- Let's get an order for a DNA swab.
- What for? She says she was in the car.
- One Police Plaza all over you?
Sympathy for the Mulroney family
runs high.
OK, she was in the car.
What about outside motives?
- Women, lots and lots of women.
- Then there's gonna be jealousy.
Ex-wife lives upstate.
Woman he betrayed the most.
That many women, must be boyfriends.
Check 'em out.
- Munch, Jeffries, ballistics.
- You got it.
- Black Talon.
- He was shot with a Black Talon?
- Cop killers. Not made since 1994.
- Cos they killed too many cops.
The real reason was
it was instantly recognisable.
Bullet-makers want anonymity.
If you can't prove where a bullet
was made, you can't sue.
- Where would we be without lawyers?
- Thanks.
The last straw was a sophomore
who stopped by to return Dean's books.
Some Greek philosophy.
- As if.
- Are you still angry?
Not really.
Dean's dad worked in the lumberyard.
Drove a skip-lader.
The kid helped out.
Before long, he was running the office.
- Sounds like quite a schmoozer.
- Everything was a transaction.
Sales, where to go to dinner,
what movie to see.
But none of it was good enough
for the old man.
I think that's why
Dean chased so many women.
It wasn't hard for him to meet college girls?
Hard wasn't Dean's problem.
- Before the college went co-ed...
- A lot of girls.
A lot of transactions.
We were one of the first colleges
to regulate intimacy.
- Make-out rules?
- Date rape happens on every campus.
We hoped these rules
would stop it from happening.
Then they turned into some sort of PC joke.
- Dean was involved in date rapes?
- That's the whole point.
Earlier generations would have
admired him for being a lady's man.
Lady-killer, Lothario, only recently
have those terms become pejorative.
So, none of his partners ever complained?
Well, there were always rumours but...
Look, we have many prominent
families among our alumni.
They consider discretion
the better part of valour.
The Mulroney family's notoriously discreet.
We know that Stephanie dropped out.
- Did Dean Woodruff factor into that?
- I'd rather not say.
- Look, this is very awkward...
- Why don't we stop the crap?
Was there a rumour of a sexual nature
between Stephanie and Dean?
She came to me and cried rape.
- Mm-hm.
- But the story never added up.
He seduced her. He treated her shabbily.
No more, no less.
So, she's a pathological liar, or what?
She was a bright girl.
- The burden was too much for her.
- What burden?
The burden of being a Mulroney.
Based on your brief description
of the assailant,
we have this preliminary composite.
- Yes.
- Are you sure?
- It's him.
- You don't want to change anything?
Excuse me, Detective, just what
part of 'yes' don't you understand?
The part about Barrett College.
Miss Mulroney, when you asked her
if she met Dean Woodruff in Le Bar
the night of the incident,
nodded in the affirmative.
But she actually met him
in her sophomore year.
- She knew him.
- Intimately, we were told.
- That wasn't the question.
- But it is now.
- I ran into him at the bar, OK?
- That's enough.
Captain Cragen,
we all want the same thing here.
- Yes, ma'am, the truth.
- Well said.
Are you making an identification
or a martyr out of my daughter?
This family really doesn't need
any more martyrs.
The Nuclear Medicine Wing
at Bronx General.
Mulroney Chair in Public Policy
at the New School.
And paying for the restoration
of half the structures in the park.
My God, Senator Mulroney
was instrumental
in getting sex-crime legislation
passed in the Senate.
For which we're eternally grateful.
Don't be facetious.
We're up against some very big guns.
I've met the matriarch and lawyer.
Adam, this girl's story is a mess.
She was in shock.
What's the motive, by the way?
She was involved with the victim.
Now, maybe he date-raped her.
Maybe he just forgot to call.
Either way, she was mortified.
We think she stewed for years...
You think?
She ran into him,
allowed herself to be picked up...
So, she could neck him, jump out
and shoot him, while he sat still?
This girl is no stranger to trouble.
She's been arrested for cocaine.
Possession. This is murder, for God's sake.
Find the weapon, make the case.
We have a case!
We have motive. We have opportunity.
What about means? Where's the gun?
Maybe in the Hudson River.
Maybe the East River.
Sir, all due respect,
90 per cent of murderers you put in Attica
are there without a murder weapon.
Talk to McCoy.
Thank you.
Cocaine users are prone
to distorting the truth.
She lied to us
about when she met the victim.
She lied about her trauma
so Mommy could put her on ice.
Hail, Regina, Queen of the Mulroney clan.
I've had it up to here with these people.
- What about the shooter composite?
- What about it?
Well, it's based on her eyewitness account.
- Where does that leave you?
- With her.
We think she's the shooter.
Like I told Schiff, motive, opportunity.
She told us she was changing
the radio station when the guy appeared.
She can't remember what song was playing.
You change the radio station
when something annoys you.
She's zooming us, Jack.
A.44's a big gun.
The whole idea of her shooting him
from behind begs credulity.
She didn't have to pull the trigger.
I'll have to deal with damage control
with Schiff and the press
and security after the arraignment.
These are powerful people.
They are magnets for weirdos.
You're going for it?
Making false statements.
Luring a guy to his death for revenge.
We'll go murder two.
Then we'll flip her on the shooter.
Docket number 99467.
The people of the state of New York
v Stephanie Mulroney.
The charge is second-degree murder.
- How do you plead?
- Your Honour. Before she answers,
I'd like to ask the court
to remove the restraints.
Please, out of respect.
As a gentleman, I'll agree.
My client pleads not guilty.
- I assume the People ask for bail.
- We ask for remand.
You're joking.
The defendant's family obtained
an expedited passport for her.
Also, she has unlimited financial resources.
I think we're all aware of that,
Miss Carmichael.
Therefore we see her
as a serious flight risk.
- Your Honour, this is incredible.
- I agree.
I find it incredible
that this woman has so lowered
the standards by which she was raised.
I believe she might
put herself above the law.
I don't intend to have Miss Mulroney
gallivanting around Europe.
Not on my court's record.
Bail is denied. Remand the defendant
to the Department of Corrections.
Were you surprised at the judge's decision?
Staggered. It's simply beyond me how...
I'm sorry, I can't...
Judge Abrams' decision to remand
was simply wrong-headed.
The assertion that Miss Mulroney
was a risk for flight is ludicrous.
The fact is the Mulroneys have
planned a family reunion in Bermuda.
I expect that Stephanie
will be part of that celebration,
as soon as the judge's decision
is reviewed by his peers.
Judge Abrams is a conservative
Republican. Was that a factor?
You said that. I didn't.
You'll have to ask him.
- Any response to that?
- To what?
That holding Miss Mulroney without bail
is totally ridiculous.
That family is used to getting its way.
Are you saying
they get preferential treatment?
Oh, come on.
They deserve all due process of the law.
No more, no less.
I hope to God we're right on this.
I hear Logan's learning
to love Staten Island.
If you have any knowledge of this handgun,
please call Olivia Benson
at the Special Victims Unit, 212-555-0156.
Not a magnum, no.
It was used in a homicide in New York City.
I know there's no federal gun registry.
But surely we can cross-reference
New York State with your files?
Yes, surprise, surprise. A single bullet.
In the vicinity of the 1-7? When?
Oh, boy. Captain!
- Yeah.
- It's the duty captain at the 1-7.
Another shooting, .44 calibre,
back of the head.
- Parked car?
- Pants down.
Oh, this looks familiar.
Déjà vu all over again.
The guy never knew what hit him. One shot.
- Who's got the spent round?
- I dug it out of the visor.
- Those bits of shattered glass?
- The vanity mirror.
- Vanity, thy name is woman.
- Frailty, not vanity, misogynist.
- Artist formerly known as?
- Prince's old girlfriend.
Life! One minute,
getting your door knob polished,
the next you're sweet-talking Saint Peter.
- You got an ID?
- Car belongs to Stanley Brecker.
- Is that his wife?
- Her name's not Brecker.
Er, Catfish.
Katish, K-A-T-l-S-H.
Excuse me, Miss Katish.
How are you doing?
Not that hot.
I never thought I'd be part
of something like this.
Something like what?
You know... All of this. That.
That guy died while I... You know.
Oh! So, you didn't get a good look at him?
Did you get a peek maybe?
I remember his eyes. Bright and shiny.
- With those Buddy Holly glasses.
- What, black?
Yeah. Like a little psychotic nerd.
That's a good description.
What do you do, Miss Katish?
Erm...
I model. And temp work.
And I auditioned for Picnic this week.
We met in a bar
and he seemed like a nice guy.
Can I get you anything, Mrs Brecker?
Was it a car-jacking gone wrong
or something?
We're not sure.
Shot.
I always thought heart attack
or stroke from the pressure.
- Business pressure?
- The garment business.
It's unbelievably cut-throat.
Stanley loved it but I always worried.
If it wasn't some union organiser
pressuring him,
it was some goon after protection money,
and it never ended.
Well, I guess it has.
Ballistics is still working
to see if the two slugs are twins.
- Follow the bullet. Unbelievable.
- Maybe it's a copycat.
That would be good, unlikely but good.
Weapon?
Uniforms are freezing their asses
in the park having zero luck.
What about the Mulroney chick?
The arrest that's gonna end my career?
It puts a damper on
the 'Hell hath no fury' theory.
Have you got any conspiracy theories
to replace it?
- How's the wife?
- Bitter but not even angry.
- She didn't do it.
- So we're looking for a freak.
Walks up to parked cars
and shoots the guys.
A loser who never gets any himself?
This thing is amazing.
Sometimes I put in the features
of my perfect woman.
Like this?
No, rounder.
And the hair was parted on the left.
It wasn't really parted,
it was brushed back.
Like that?
Yeah, like that.
Captain, I went back 30 years.
319 shootings with a.44
excluding Magnums.
- How many from intermediate range?
- 12.
Some unrelated, a domestic,
a drunken New Year's Eve.
- Plus three from parked cars.
- Any arrests?
Yeah. Two shootings. A guy named Barnes.
Died in the Attica riot.
- What about open cases?
- Four of them, six years ago.
One from the 2-7. In three others,
the slugs were from the same gun.
This is Captain Donald Cragen,
Special Victims Unit.
Is Detective Lennie Briscoe there, please?
Hey, Lennie. Don.
Listen, didn't we have an unsolved 93-94?
Guy whacked in a parked car
with a.44.
There was this annoying
old homeless lady and a lot of snow.
Logan and I froze our asses off, I remember.
- How about the guy in the car?
- Stiff but not from the cold.
We never found the weapon,
just a description of a guy with glasses.
Black, like Buddy Holly?
Yeah, black, like Buddy Holly.
Fashions change, clothes, hair, glasses.
We arrested the wrong guy.
It was just one of those days all around.
The only description we had was
from one witness, Jill Templeton.
- This guy's back?
- With two more hits under his belt.
- Bad time, Captain?
- Oh, no.
I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Yeah. It's a size.44.
- The same gun, the same shooter.
- Not the Mulroney girl.
- No.
- OK, tell me something good.
I spoke to the owner of a gun shop
in Jersey who sold Black Talons.
He remembers a guy with black glasses.
Well, that's something.
Five years ago, a guy came in and browsed.
I never would've have noticed him
but he pissed me off.
Did he denounce the John Birch Society
as being soft on Y2K?
No, he kept dry-firing my hunting rifles.
I told him to buy something
or get his sorry ass out.
- So he bought some Black Talons?
- Said he wanted some cop-killers.
And as a law-abiding
constitutional constructionist,
- you sold them to him.
- It's still a free country.
Could we look at those records?
I'm against government interference
in free enterprise.
Yeah, so am I. That's why I consider
a court order an intrusion,
although sometimes a necessary one.
OK.
'Arthur Prewitt. December 4th, 1994.
'Three boxes of Black Talons, .44 calibre.'
We've got five priors on your man Prewitt,
cheque kiting, forgery...
Was there a weapon involved?
Yes, please. I'm on hold with the Feebs.
He was busted with a hundred credit cards
out at some Indian bingo casino.
The desert will get you every time.
Meth-crazed bikers and scorpions.
- Land of fruit and nuts.
- Released five months ago.
Told his PO his mother was dying.
Address is a flophouse in Chinatown.
I'll call the 2-7.
It's their bust, too. Get rolling.
We're looking for one of your guests.
A man named Prewitt.
Are you Arthur Prewitt?
- Who are you?
- Detective Benson.
You got some ID?
Yes, I do.
I'm the man you're looking for.
- Number three.
- Are you sure?
Yeah. It was dark, but it wasn't that dark.
I'll remember him till the day I die.
- That face, those glasses.
- It's not an audition.
Just... are you sure?
All right. How's this?
And the winner is... number three!
- Thank you.
- Thank you very much.
Next.
I know it's been a little while,
Miss Templeton, so take a look...
- Number three.
- Are you sure? Just take your time.
- OK, thank you.
All right.
Number three.
- It's Prewitt.
- 'Hey, man.
'I wasn't even there.
I was a patrolman then.
'I still hadn't seen my first stiff.
But when I saw
those crime scene photos.
I almost blew my lunch.
Tuna salad on wheat
and one of those three-dollar bottles
of crappuccino.
Me and my partner at the time,
we were cold for days, weeks,
down by the sea wall.
The wind coming in off the Atlantic
and the wet snow.
It got in your hair, along with that smell.
You know that smell I'm talking about?
Wet wool. I know.
The smell of death, Arthur.
It never leaves you. Never.
You're enjoying this, aren't you?
All these guys trying to get you
to give us a crumb of information.
Oh, yeah, yeah,
it's the high point of my life.
Better than shooting those people,
you little reptilian geek?
- Oh, it's bad cop now, right?
- You bet your ass!
John, easy.
- You did it, you piece of crap.
- Seriously, come on.
- I'm gonna kill this guy myself!
- Call him off.
- I'll Mike Tyson you, you bastard!
- Come on. Is this legal?
Probably not.
I'm gonna kill you.
I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you.
Let's talk about the working stiff.
- Who?
- Dean Woodruff.
- You already asked me about him.
- I'm asking again.
The path in the park.
You're hiding in the tunnel. They drive by...
You've got a vivid imagination.
- Is that all you've got?
- And the Black Talons you bought.
Like I'm the only person in New York
who bought Black Talons?
Three witnesses.
Who saw what?
It was pitch-black.
The windows were fogging up because
the people inside were getting busy.
So, you were there?
No.
I've just got a vivid imagination.
Three different witnesses, Prewitt.
Uh-uh.
Confess. Maybe you won't end up...
you know where.
We saw your handiwork. It was...
- It was awesome. It was...
- Professional. One shot, boom.
And then you leave the girl alone.
You left the girl alone.
That was...
Gentlemanly.
The very word I was looking for.
You are a gentleman of the old school.
So that's a yes.
Under coercion...
that's a yes.
Well, that's that.
- Prewitt confessed.
- To killing Woodruff?
That's the good news. The bad news
is Schiffs gonna ream me a new one.
- Maybe not.
- Meaning?
This guy stonewalls us,
then flips like an eel. What's his agenda?
I'm damned if I know, John.
This shooting's remarkably
similar to the first.
COD from a.44. Same point of entry.
Same trajectory.
And given the lack of any powder tattoos,
I'd say the shooter
was at least a few feet away.
But there is one significant difference.
Tell me what you see.
A beautiful woman who hasn't been
in a nice restaurant in months.
Ruptured blood vessels.
Mild skin discoloration.
These bruises are a few weeks old.
There's similar bruising on the jaw.
- So he had previous injuries.
- My guess is from a fist fight.
Are you talking polite fisticuffs
or brass knuckles?
Somebody beat the crap out of him.
Will you ever have dinner with me?
Not while I can still feed myself.
I'm only sorry we had to involve
everyone in this wild-goose chase.
I'm not sure it was so wild.
Is the investigation still open?
No, sir, not any more.
The public has deified the Mulroneys.
They've done a lot to deserve that.
That entitlement doesn't extend to the law.
Well, it does.
And someone is going
to have to fall on his sword.
It'll be painless.
Yes, come in.
- Good afternoon, Adam.
- Welcome.
We all know each other.
Please, sit down.
I asked Judge McEvoy
to dismiss in chambers, without prejudice,
to spare any further public embarrassment.
I appreciate the gesture, Adam.
God knows, we'll always
be grist to the tabloids.
People are always quick
to jump to the wrong conclusion.
From some youthful indiscretion,
to this trumped-up mess.
- Have you heard from Judge Abrams?
- He heard from me.
I guess that's my cue.
- I was wrong, Miss Mulroney.
- All right.
Please accept my apologies to your family.
Thank you, Captain.
You seem like a nice man.
Captain, I just came from the ME's.
She has some doubts about Brecker.
What is this, another magic bullet theory?
Somebody worked him over pretty good.
- A soft guy, not an amateur boxer.
- I'm not following you.
He was in the garment trade,
like my grandfather.
He always said, 'Behind every
tailor's dummy is a Gambino.'
Where are you going with this?
The victim was in the garment trade.
His wife said he was a family man.
But he was shot in mid oral cop
with some actress, model, whatever,
a euphemism for employee of the month
in the porno business.
- John!
- The wife also told Benson
that her husband got shaken down
by two bull-necked boys in leather jackets.
Schmutters and porno, Captain.
Does the word racketeering come to mind?
- So this isn't a serial killer?
- It's all too neat. All too simple.
Stephanie Mulroney killed Woodruff.
I know it. I feel it.
I'm not gonna tell anyone
we've had this conversation.
The Mulroneys can crush
any of us like bugs.
They'll do whatever it takes
to protect the family. Trust me!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org